here it is
the oldest jack in the box
ever discovered
the original jack-in-the-box
you think i'm scared of you not of me
but you should be afraid afraid of what
you have no idea
come on
[Music]
what is storytelling
storytelling started with our indigenous
people
can anyone give me an example of a myth
or a story they're afraid of
lucas
what's going on we found a part of a man
in the woods today
[Music]
part of the man i guess the other half
was found
in the mine
all this has got to be an animal right
[Music]
no animal i've ever seen
something is going on with lucas
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine
this is what was in the mind
it's a diabolical spirit
excuse me this is a myth for you yeah
when knocking again
he is my responsibility
he needs me
he's here
[Music]
[Applause]
what is going on
it's okay baby it's okay mom
[Applause]
it's okay it's okay we're okay we're
okay
where where where where mom
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
run
i don't know why he came all the way up
here there's nothing left
please there are people out there
you don't know dude
the people that are left
another kind of people worth saving
[Music]
hey wait we gotta try it try what
calling the empty man who's the empty
man
if you're on a bridge and you find a
bottle you blow into it
[Music]
and you think about the empty man
oh come on mandy how old are you i tell
him the rest
on the first night you hear him and on
the second night you see him
and on the third night well on the third
night he finds you
he finds you
[Music]
you can hear him can't you squirming his
way into your thoughts
like a disease and his message is
contagious
[Music]
tell me what's going on
a doctor nice big house like this
there is a ton of cash we wait till they
get back
they give us what we want
[Music]
this won't get you anywhere by prison
maybe
don't do this give me the combination no
we have to get into the hospital the
hospital is 30 miles away i seriously
doubt you could survive the journey
oh goodness you don't look at all wow
please sit here
and wait for the ambulance to arrive
oh we really must fumigate this place
again soon
we're plagued by vermin every sort of
pest
we have to get out don't worry
everything will be fine i've told you a
thousand times shoes off
at the door she needs to be punished
she'll ruin everything very well
if that's what you want
tell me what's going on just a few
minutes more and then a lovely
long sleep
[Applause]
in the name of our lord jesus christ i
command you to give me your
name
nice job everybody good job
and follow monitors let
all me lead here we go three
two
times
[Music]
uh
we know there are other stories to tell
but we've never felt the pressure
to push them out there until we feel
like there is a great story to tell and
that we have something
that again will be a worthy entrance to
the
conjuring universe i'd like you all to
sit quietly and close your eyes
[Music]
i really wanted country three to get
away from the haunted house setup
of the first two conjuring films it
should be more on a
whole different level something that
we've never explored before in the
conjuring world we wanted to
keep our new story grounded in the feel
of conjuring movies
but we wanted to make sure we were
telling a brand new story and we think
the arne johnson story
was something that really deserved a
much closer look
as i got to the bottom of the stairs and
i went to open the door
i don't remember anything from that
point the next thing i know
i was in a jail cell and i said what's
going on here
and they say well you're being charged
for murder i said
what are you talking about
the trial of arnie cheyenne johnson this
was an internationally
renowned case which was the first time
in the history of law in the united
states that
that demonic possession was used as a
reason for committing
manslaughter do you think you'll be able
to prove the existence of the devil in
court
truth doesn't require anyone to believe
in it you're in for a much different
ride than you've been on in other
conjuring films what's the point of a
sequel if you can't out
shine and out story and out
the previous films it just requires you
to bring
your a plus game when i was working with
michael sharpes on layurona i saw a
filmmaker that really
gets these kind of films it's
bittersweet for me to
pass the baton on and action but it's
good to get a
fresh take on where we can take the
conjuring universe
we're offering something very special
with these films and i think that's one
of the reasons people keep coming back
the final reason of course is that
people love to be scared i don't know
that anybody has
crafted or created better scare
sequences
than james wan david sandberg
gary dauberman corn hardy john leonetti
michael chavs guys we're making contra
and three it's gonna be awesome
these are all people that really know
what they're doing and they do an
incredible job
crafting new and original scare
sequences that's really what people come
back to see
[Music]
happy birthday
it's your locket well now it's you and
me i wish we were home
dad
i knew deep down inside what really
happened
i wish i could have stopped it that
mom you're hurting me
get inside
[Music]
hello
[Applause]
whatever happens don't come out
you chose over everyone wouldn't you
[Applause]
[Music]